WIP Ledger Integration (#263)
nemtech/symbol-bootstrap: docs/enrollRewardProgram.md

  -u, --url=url                    [default: http://localhost:3000] the network url

>   --leger                          If --ledger is provided, the command will connect and sign the transactions with a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  --ledger                         If --ledger is provided, the command will connect and sign the transactions using a
```

Author: Thanks, this is an internal PR. I'm just sharing code with moha. Thanks for the fixes though...
